Add nested loops (#18039)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/tutorials/intro-to-csharp/branches-and-loops-local.md

When you're done, let's move on to write some code yourself to
use what you've learned.

## Created nested loops

> A `while`, `do` or `for` loop can be nested inside another loop to create a matrix using the combination of each item in the outer loop with each item in the inner loop. Let's do that to build a set of alpha-numeric pairs to represent rows and columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `while`, `do` or `for` loop can be nested inside another loop to create a matrix using the combination of each item in the outer loop with each item in the inner loop. Let's do that to build a set of alphanumeric pairs to represent rows and columns.
```

One `for` loop can generate the rows:

```csharp
for (int row = 1; row < 11; row++)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"The row is {row}");
}
```

Another loop can generate the columns:

```csharp
for (char column = 'a'; column < 'k'; column++)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"The column is {column}");
}
```

You can nest one loop inside the other to form pairs:

```csharp
for (int row = 1; row < 11; row++)
{
    for (char column = 'a'; column < 'k'; column++)
    {
        Console.WriteLine($"The cell is ({row}, {column})");
    }
}
```

> You can see that the outer out loop increments once for each iteration of the inner loop. Reverse the row and column nesting, and see the changes for yourself.

Reviewer 2: > the outer out loop increments once for each iteration of the inner loop

That doesn't sound correct. I've read it as `row` is incremented once for each iteration of the inner loop, that is, for each increment of `column`. 

Did you want to say:
```suggestion
You can see that the outer loop increments once for each full run of the inner loop. Reverse the row and column nesting, and see the changes for yourself.
```
